Cargo authenticateing users without sending secrets over the network (#3231)
rust-lang/rfcs: text/0000-cargo-asymmetric-tokens.md

1. Generate a key pair. (For many registries, you can generate the key pair using the cargo command `cargo login --generate-keypair`, which will print the public key for use in the next step.)
2. Go to the registries log in page, upload your public key and get the user ID for that key pair.
3. On the command line run `cargo login --registry=name --private-key-path=path userId`

There are credential processes for using key pairs stored on hardware tokens. Check crates.io to see if there's one available for your hardware. Each one is a little different, but the general workflow is:
1. `cargo install credential-process-for-your-hardware-token`
2. run `cargo credential-process-for-your-hardware-token setup registryURL` to get your public key.
3. Go to the registries log in page, upload your public key and get your user ID.
4. Edit `credentials.toml` to have a `credential-process` field as described by `credential-process-for-your-hardware-token` docs. (The credential process command may help do this for you.)

# Reference-level explanation
[reference-level-explanation]: #reference-level-explanation

> In [`config.toml`](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/config.html) and `credentials.toml` files there is a field called `private-key-path`, which provides a path to a `PKCS#12` formatted file containing a private key.

Reviewer: I think storing the key directly in credentials.toml makes most sense, in base64 format or similar. Most users won't benefit from having it in a separate file. Instead, there is the burden of having *two* files that need to be protected, and it also means more complexity. Custom use cases can use a credentials process which is superior I think.

Reviewer 2: I would suggest using PKCS#8 instead of PKCS#12. The latter is a container format for both PKCS#8 private keys (which are themselves asymmetric keypairs) and X.509 certificates, and X.509 certificates don't seem relevant to this particular application.

One nice thing about using PKCS#8 as opposed to something like credentials.toml is support for password-protected encrypted private keys, which can be used to protect these keys at rest. PKCS#8v2 supports deriving an encryption key using PBKDF2 or scrypt and using that to encrypt the original private key using AES.

Reviewer: You can use `PKCS#8` or whatever other format, but ideally you don't store things into *yet another* file. That annoys users. toml supports multiline strings, so you can even have PEM encoding if you want.

Author: I was already convinced that cargo should only support one way of getting the key, and that all other ways of storing keys should require a credential process. I am now convinced that cargo should accept the (encoded) key directly as opposed to a path to the key.

The argument that convinced me is that most CI/CD systems allow you to store secrets in environment variables, but not particularly in files. If cargo accepts the key directly, then we already have an environment variable that will go straight from CIs secrets system to cargo. The same way it does for the existing secret tokens.

I did not have time to edit this into the RFC today, but I will do so and my next opportunity.

A keypair can be generated with `cargo login --generate-keypair` which will:
- generate a public/private keypair in the currently recommended fashion.
- save the private key in the default location.
- print the public key and the path to the file.
  (See unresolved questions section.)

> There is also a field called `user-id` which is a string chosen by the registry, which is intended to be non-secret and used for identifying the user. Cargo requires it to be non-whitespace printable ASCII, registries should base64 encode non-ASCII data. Cargo may broaden the allowed set of characters to some other subset of UTF-8 in the future.

Reviewer: I'm not sure a `user-id` is a good idea. Especially as people change can change usernames and sometimes want their old names gone from the records, so ideally one designs technology that does without usernames. I guess the purpose of the `user-id` is to figure out which public key the private key corresponds to? For this purpose, sending a *key* identifier would make more sense, as cargo supports multiple tokens per user. The key identifier would be purely derived from the key so the user wouldn't even have to enter it, which reduces setup overhead.

Author: I really like the idea of using a "key ID", say the SHA-384 of the public key! This removes a step for most use cases. For the rare use cases where the server does want some arbitrary information to be passed back as part of the token we can add a field for that purpose. (Here is cryptographic proof that the central CA server authorized this action. Or whatever this particular registry needs.) That field can have a less confusing name. I did not have time to edit this into the RFC today, but I will do so and my next opportunity.

Reviewer 2: A standard way of encoding that information is via [SPKI key fingerprints](https://docs.rs/spki/latest/spki/struct.SubjectPublicKeyInfo.html)

Furthermore this RFC attempts to make a start on solving several problems at the same time. It may be that in time we discover these problems need to be solved separately. If we end up with a separate system for code signing and a separate system for authorization, then a simpler more direct method of authentication might have been a better choice.

# Rationale and alternatives
[rationale-and-alternatives]: #rationale-and-alternatives

Continue with the existing secret tokens. Private registries that want to provide this kind of functionality can create a bespoke system for their exact needs. For example, only generating short-lived tokens and having the user log in daily.
In practice, I suspect many registries will not, leading to an ecosystem where most registries use less secure authentication, and creating more hazards for users. Some security properties (e.g. not supporting tokens from one registry on another) work better when all registries support them.

We could use PASETO `v4.public` instead of `v3.public`. The `v4` standard uses more modern crypto, based on Ed25519.

> Unfortunately, most existing hardware tokens do not support Ed25519. By using `v3.public` based on P-384 we allow a `credential-process` to keep keys on the hardware.

Reviewer: I found some comparison on hn, which says that ed25519 is generally better: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19749452

Furthermore, ed25519 has less red stuff at the table at [safecurves](http://safecurves.cr.yp.to/index.html) compared to the NIST curves.

Generally it might be a good idea to support multiple schemes from the start, to ensure that there is algorithm agility.

> Unfortunately, most existing hardware tokens do not support Ed25519. By using `v3.public` based on P-384 we allow a `credential-process` to keep keys on the hardware.

Reviewer 2: > Furthermore, ed25519 has less red stuff at the table at [safecurves](http://safecurves.cr.yp.to/index.html) compared to the NIST curves.

The table on the safecurves site is critiquing the obsolete and incomplete formulas I was describing earlier, and is specifically addressed in the paper I linked (p.5), where citation `[14]` is the safecurves site:

> Prime order curves can be safe. Several of the standardized prime order curves mentioned
above have recently been critiqued in [14], where they were deemed not to meet (some or all
of) the four “ECC security” requirements: (i) Ladder, (ii) Twists, (iii) Completeness, and (iv)
Indistinguishability.
> On the contrary, this paper shows that prime order curves have complete formulas that are
comparably efficient.

Why the safecurves site has not been updated to reflect the developments of this paper is uncertain, however it contains obsolete information.

The security properties of implementations of Edwards curves as used by Ed25519 or short Weierstrass curves like NIST P-256 and P-384 implemented using the complete projective formulas are effectively the same, and algorithmically quite similar. As it were, the RustCrypto [`p256`] (https://github.com/RustCrypto/elliptic-curves/tree/master/p256) crate is implemented using these formulas, and we are working implementing [`p384`](https://github.com/RustCrypto/elliptic-curves/tree/master/p384) with them as well.

Where Ed25519 benefits is areas like performance (Edwards curves are more amenable to parallel implementations) and more exotic applications like batch verification, multisignatures, and signature aggregation, which are outside of the scope of this particular use case.

> Generally it might be a good idea to support multiple schemes from the start, to ensure that there is algorithm agility.

I would suggest supporting Ed25519 along with ECDSA/P-{256,384} (possibly only choosing one of P-256 or P-384). While Ed25519 is great, support for it in things like hardware tokens, OS keychains, HSMs, and cloud KMS services is still somewhat spotty, but slowly improving.

> Unfortunately, most existing hardware tokens do not support Ed25519. By using `v3.public` based on P-384 we allow a `credential-process` to keep keys on the hardware.

Reviewer 3: To make sure I understand correctly, the RFC as-is currently would *not* support Ed25519, and supporting both v3 and v4 (and thus both P-384 and Ed25519) is not part of the RFC? But the RFC is written in a way that that would be a possible extension in the future?

> Unfortunately, most existing hardware tokens do not support Ed25519. By using `v3.public` based on P-384 we allow a `credential-process` to keep keys on the hardware.

Author: I am not a cryptographer and am new to all the details here. So I'm going to explain as carefully as I can, so that someone can tell me if I have something wrong.

`PASETO V4` is an encoding that requires the use of the algorithm `Ed25519`.
`PASETO V3` is an encoding that requires the use of the algorithm `ECDSA/P-384`.
Also all the PASETO variations clearly identify what version they came from.

The RFC as currently written only supports `PASETO V3`. That means that cargo will only understand how to generate and read keys for `PASETO V3` and use the algorithm `ECDSA/P-384`. Furthermore it will insist that credential processes return something that appears to be correctly formatted as a `PASETO V3`.

It is not hard to imagine how this could be lifted in a future RFC. This would allow us to allow for a new format, say `PASETO V4` or `Biscuit`.
That RFC would have to specify:
- How `--generate-keypair` decides `V3`/`V4`/`Biscuit`? Presumably, a new flag to specify format and a timeline for the default to change.
- When reading a config file how cargo decides which one it has found? Almost certainly, read the version number encoded in the key and use its matching format.
- When receiving from a credential process which style to check? Presumably, we allow anything that looks like any of the supported formats. (Note that this could be done before and independently of the other changes.)
- Whether to deprecate and remove the old format? This would require extreme justification, but maybe worth discussion depending on the urgency of switching.
- Whether and how a registry can request a particular format? Presumably, Cargo will send whatever format is specified in the config, if it is not a format supported by this registry the registry will return an error code to show the problem. (How does this work with credential providers?)

Does that answer your questions? Did I miss something important?

> Unfortunately, most existing hardware tokens do not support Ed25519. By using `v3.public` based on P-384 we allow a `credential-process` to keep keys on the hardware.

Reviewer 3: Yes, that all makes sense, thanks. I am not clear on how 'format detection' would be done (are all these formats clearly distinct from each other in their encoded form, do we use filenames, whatever), but as long as that option exists I do not care about the technical details. :)

> Unfortunately, most existing hardware tokens do not support Ed25519. By using `v3.public` based on P-384 we allow a `credential-process` to keep keys on the hardware.

Author: > are all these formats clearly distinct from each other in their encoded form?

Basically yes. Tokens encoded in `PASETO V3` start with `v3.public.`. `PASETO V3` keys encoded in `PASERK` start with `k3.secret.` and key IDs start with `k3.pid.`. (That sentence is also true if you replace all the `3`s with `4`s.) If we are switching to a different family of formats, which do not have a clear prefix to identify them, we can define that we are sticking some arbitrary string in front for disambiguation purposes.

When using asymmetric cryptography the important secret (the private key) never leaves the user's computer.
With a credential provider, the secret material can even stay on a hardware token.
Furthermore, an asymmetric token can only be used for the intended action, and only for a short time window. The opportunity for replay is smaller, and can be tightened by the registry to meet its threat model.
After the time window has expired, the data sent over the network can be made public, without risking the private material. A registry can keep or publish an audit log of asymmetric tokens without risk of them being reused, in case a security auditor would like to look for abnormal or unusual behavior.

Different registries will have different users in mind and have different use cases. Therefore, they will need to have different behaviors. So, there are many decisions a registry has to make that this RFC has no opinion on. Some examples:

- Bootstrapping trust: how does the registry decide to trust a new user?

> - Key generation: where and how the key pair is made?

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Key generation: where and how is the key pair made?
```

In order for crates.io to support asymmetric tokens these questions will need to be answered for crates.io. If and how crates.io will implement compatibility with these new tokens will be left for a follow-up discussion/RFC.

# Guide-level explanation
[guide-level-explanation]: #guide-level-explanation

Private registries that require authentication use asymmetric cryptography as a more secure way for cargo to log in. Each registry works a little different, but the most common workflow is:
1. Generate a key pair. (For many registries, you can generate the key pair using the cargo command `cargo login --generate-keypair`, which will print the public key for use in the next step.)
2. Log into the registries website
3. Go to the "register a key pair" page, upload your public key and get the user ID for that key pair.
4. On the command line run `cargo login --registry=name --private-key-path=path userId`

There are credential processes for using key pairs stored on hardware tokens. Check crates.io to see if there's one available for your hardware. Each one is a little different, but the general workflow is:
1. `cargo install credential-process-for-your-hardware-token`

> 2. run `cargo credential-process-for-your-hardware-token setup registryURL` to get your public key.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
2. Run `cargo credential-process-for-your-hardware-token setup registryURL` to get your public key.
```

Some registries prioritize user experience over strictest security. They can simplify the process by providing key generation on the server. If your registry works this way the workflow will be:
1. Log into the registries website
2. Go to the "register generate a key pair" page, and copy the command it generated for you. It will disappear when you leave the page, the server will not keep a copy of the public key!
3. Run it on the command line. It will look like  `cargo login --registry=name --private-key="key" "userId"`

# Reference-level explanation
[reference-level-explanation]: #reference-level-explanation

In [`config.toml`](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/config.html) and `credentials.toml` files there is a field called `private-key-path`, which provides a path to a `PKCS#12` formatted file containing a private key.

A keypair can be generated with `cargo login --generate-keypair` which will:
- generate a public/private keypair in the currently recommended fashion.
- save the private key in the default location.
- print the public key and the path to the file.
  (See unresolved questions section.)

> There is also a field called `user-id` which is a string chosen by the registry, which is intended to be non-secret and used for identifying the user. Cargo requires it to be non-whitespace printable ASCII, registries that need non-ASCII data should base64 encode it.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
There is also a field called `user-id` which is a string chosen by the registry, which is intended to be non-secret and used for identifying the user. Cargo requires it to be non-whitespace printable ASCII. Registries that need non-ASCII data should base64 encode it.
```

When authenticating to a registry, Cargo will generate a PASETO in the [v3.public format](https://github.com/paseto-standard/paseto-spec/blob/master/docs/01-Protocol-Versions/Version3.md). This format uses P-384 and 384-bit ECDSA secret keys, and is compatible with keys stored in contemporary hardware tokens. The generated PASETO will have specific "claims" (key-value pairs in the PASETO's JSON payload). The claims within the PASETO will include at least:
- The current time.
- The challenge, if cargo has received a challenge from a 401/403 from this server this session. A server that issues challenges should have some stateful way of knowing which challenges have been used and which ones are still available.
- If this is a mutation: which one (publish or yank or unyank), the package, the version, the SHA256 checksum of the `.crate` file as stored in the `cksum` in the index.

The "footer" will include the user ID and the registry base URL. (The footer is part of the signature.) The registry server will validate the PASETO, and check the footer and claims:

- The PASETO is in v3.public format.
- The PASETO validates using a public key for that user ID.

> - The URL matches the registry base URL (to make sure a PASETO sent to one registry can't be used to authenticate to another, and to prevent typosquatting/homoglyph attacks)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- The URL matches the registry base URL (to make sure a PASETO sent to one registry can't be used to authenticate to another, and to prevent typo-squatting/homoglyph attacks)
```

> - The PASETO is still within its valid time period (to limit replay attacks) 15 minutes will be recommended. but a shorter time can be used by a registry to further decrease replayability. Or a longer one can be used to better accommodate clock skew.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- The PASETO is still within its valid time period (to limit replay attacks). We recommend a 15 minute limit, but a shorter time can be used by a registry to further decrease replay-ability. Or a longer one can be used to better accommodate clock skew.
```

- If the server issues challenges, that the challenge has not yet been answered.
- If the operation is a mutation, that the package, version, and hash match the request.

## Credential Processes

> Credential Processes as defined in [RFC 2730](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/2730) are outside programs cargo can call on to change where and how secrets are stored. That RFC defines `special strings` which go in the `credential-process` field to describe what data the process needs from cargo. This RFC adds `{claims}`. If used Cargo will replace it with a json encoded set of key value pairs that should be in the generated token. Cargo will check that the output of such a process looks like a valid PASETO v3.public token that Cargo would have generated, and that the PASETO token includes all the claims Cargo provided. The credential process may add additional claims (e.g. 2fa, TOTP), as long as they are nested in `custom`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Credential Processes as defined in [RFC 2730](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/2730) are outside programs cargo can call on to change where and how secrets are stored. That RFC defines `special strings` which go in the `credential-process` field to describe what data the process needs from cargo. This RFC adds `{claims}`. If used Cargo will replace it with a JSON encoded set of key value pairs that should be in the generated token. Cargo will check that the output of such a process looks like a valid PASETO v3.public token that Cargo would have generated, and that the PASETO token includes all the claims Cargo provided. The credential process may add additional claims (e.g. 2fa, TOTP), as long as they are nested in `custom`.
```

3. Go to the "register a key pair" page, upload your public key. and get the user ID for that key pair.

Most do not, but some registries require one more step:
4. if the registry gave you a `key-subject` then on the command line run `cargo login --registry=name --key-subject="the provided data"`

There are credential processes for using key pairs stored on hardware tokens. Check crates.io to see if there's one available for your hardware. Each one is a little different, but the general workflow is:
1. `cargo install credential-process-for-your-hardware-token`
2. Run `cargo credential-process-for-your-hardware-token setup registryURL` to get your public key.
3. Edit `credentials.toml` to have a `credential-process` field as described by `credential-process-for-your-hardware-token` docs. (The credential process command may help do this for you.)
4. Log into the registries website
5. Go to the "register a key pair" page, upload your public key.

Some registries prioritize user experience over strictest security. They can simplify the process by providing key generation on the server. If your registry works this way the workflow will be:
1. Log into the registries website

> 2. Go to the "register generate a key pair" page, and copy the command it generated for you. It will disappear when you leave the page, the server will not keep a copy of the public key!

Reviewer 5: Should this be "the server will not keep a copy of the **private** key"?

Author: Thank you for the correction.

> 2. Go to the "register generate a key pair" page, and copy the command it generated for you. It will disappear when you leave the page, the server will not keep a copy of the public key!

Reviewer 6: The web crypto api allows you to generate the keypair in the browser I believe, which would be a bit safer.

Author: Generating on the client would be better design. But I am not seeing a way to edit the sentence to make that clearer.

Reviewer 5: You could replace "on the server" with "on the registry website". Then it's up to the web application to decide how to generate keys.

I think it's clear that this is a less-secure option than locally generating the keys.

Author: `on the server` -> `in the browser` Good call!

> 3. Run it on the command line. It will look like  `cargo login --registry=name --private-key="key"`

Reviewer 6: This will leak the private key into the shell history. Maybe prompt for the private key instead?

Author: This is an existing problem with the login command. On the other hand this RFC might be good opportunity to fix it. Do you think it's reasonable to consider this a part of the unresolved question about CLI design?

Reviewer 6: Sure

Reviewer 5: I believe if you do "cargo login" without specifying the token, cargo will prompt for it. However, if there are now two ways (token and private key) cargo would need to identify the pasted data as one or the other appropriately.

Author: I changed this to no longer have `--private-key="key"` but just a `--private-key` that signifies that the prompt will be asking you for a key and not a token.

A keypair can be generated with `cargo login --generate-keypair` which will:
- generate a public/private keypair in the currently recommended fashion.
- save the private key in `credentials.toml`.
- print the public key and the path to the file.
  (See unresolved questions section.)

It is recommended that the `private-key` be saved in `credentials.toml`. It is also supported in `config.toml`, primarily so that it can be set using the associated environment variable. Witch is the recommended way to provide it in CI contexts. This set up is what we have for the `token` field for setting a secret token.

There is also an optional field called `private-key-subject` which is a string chosen by the registry.
This string will be included as part of an asymmetric token and should not be secret.
It is intended for the rare use cases like "cryptographic proof that the central CA server authorized this action". Cargo requires it to be non-whitespace printable ASCII. Registries that need non-ASCII data should base64 encode it.

Both fields can be set with `cargo login --registry=name --private-key="key" --private-key-subject="subject"`.

> A registry can have at most one of `private-key`, `token`, or `credential-process` set.

Reviewer 5: Should the private key have some kind of prefix so we can identify it as PASETO v3 in case we ever want to change to a different key format?

Author: v3 Private keys encoded in PASERK secret format start with `k3.secret.`. So I think it will be easy to tell that the `private-key` was intended for this RFC.

# Prior art
[prior-art]: #prior-art

NuGet has support for [author signing](https://github.com/NuGet/Home/wiki/Author-Package-Signing), which can be used to make sure that publishes only happen from somebody who has a private key. This system allows authenticity to be checked looking only at the crate that is downloaded. 
However, in order to participate the author must have a "code signing certificate" from a "trusted root authority", making the barrier to participation to high for most users and certainly too high to be considered a norm of the community.

Maven Central [requires](https://maven.apache.org/repository/guide-central-repository-upload.html#pgp-signature) all uploads to be [signed by PGP](https://central.sonatype.org/publish/requirements/gpg/) and that the keys are registered with a public key server. Following the UNIX philosophy, they leave the actual act of signing up to independent implementations of PGP.
It takes a lot of documentation to explain how to hook up all of these different parts to work together correctly. Furthermore, no assurance is made that the GPG signature and the Maven Central token used for upload represent the same identity.

> The npm client can pass along a `otp` option on the command line to act as [proof of 2FA](https://docs.npmjs.com/configuring-two-factor-authentication#sending-a-one-time-password-from-the-command-line). This provides a lot of the "over the wire" benefits of this RFC for the npm registry, but cannot be used by a third party after the fact to verify the uploaded identity nor is it easy for alternative registries to set up.

Reviewer 5: > nor is it easy for alternative registries to set up

TOTP seems simple enough for alternative registries to implement. It's pretty well standardized how to validate TOTP codes. I still prefer the option described in this RFC however.

Author: Made the mistake of thinking that because I couldn't figure out how to do it it was hard. I removed that part of the sentence.

[TUF](https://theupdateframework.io/) exclusively deals with how a client downloading packages through a mirror can be assured they came from a non-compromised copy of the registry. Which is not the problem this RFC is addressing.

> # Unresolved questions

Reviewer 5: How do we handle tokens passed on the command line via `--token`. Will we also support passing a private key via command line?

Author: It is possible to set it using the environment variable. But we have a shorthand for setting `--token` so maybe we should have a shorthand for `private-key` and `private-key-subject`. Do you think it's reasonable to consider this a part of the unresolved question about CLI design, or should we resolve it in the text of this RFC?

Reviewer 5: I think we should make a decision about it in the RFC.

I'd rather avoid passing private keys on the command line since it increases the chances of them being exposed.

Author: The RFC no longer mentions passing keys on the command line.
The existing commands that take a `--token`, if it is set it will override any `private-key`/`private-key-subject` from the config.toml or environment variables. That's the only thing that maintains backwards compatibility.

What default settings should `cargo login --generate-keypair` use? What process should be used for changing these defaults as best practice changes? Where should it put the private keys?

More generally, is all the user experience exactly correct for all the new flags? The expectation is that these will need to be changed and tweaked as we try using them after implementation.

# Future possibilities
[future-possibilities]: #future-possibilities

Figuring out how and when crates.io should support these kinds of tokens is left to a follow-up discussion/RFC. The motivation section describes some of the things that will need to be figured out.

> Only after crates.io is not using secret tokens should we remove the support for them in private registries (and the code in cargo to support it).

Reviewer 5: I really like the idea of using public key crypto to improve cargo security, however I'm somewhat concerned about deprecating any other type of authentication. It may make it harder to integrate cargo into existing authentication systems.

Using a `credential-process` to issue a short-lived token seems like a flexible and secure option. It could work similar to how GitHub does HTTP authentication after installing the [credential provider](https://github.com/GitCredentialManager/git-credential-manager). Cargo would call the credential provider with the existing information (registry url, etc), the credential provider could verify identity any means it wanted (OAuth popup, 2FA key entry, etc), then produce a short-lived bearer token for cargo to send.

Author: I think you're reminding us that it is possible to use secret tokens with `credential-process` in a secure way. Which is definitely an important thing to keep in mind.

With some ingenuity, you can use a credential-process to smuggle a secret token into the format of a asymmetric token. The credential process creates a brand-new key pair, puts in "custom" the secret token and the public key. The server can validate that the asymmetric token is valid according to this RFC, but then makes all AuthN decisions based on the embedded secret token. The decision about removal is about how much work is involved and for whom, not what is possible.

Fundamentally, this is in the future possibilities section. This RFC does not suggest deprecation or removal. The time to discuss whether deprecation or removal is a good idea is in future RFC that suggests making that change.

Some registries prioritize user experience over strictest security. They can simplify the process by providing key generation in the browser. If your registry works this way the workflow will be:
1. Log into the registries website
2. Go to the "generate a key pair" page, and copy the command it generated for you. It will disappear when you leave the page, the server will not have a copy of the private key!

> 3. Run it on the command line. It will look like  `cargo login --registry=name --private-key` witch will prompt you to put in the key value.

Reviewer 6: *which

This string will be included as part of an asymmetric token and should not be secret.
It is intended for the rare use cases like "cryptographic proof that the central CA server authorized this action". Cargo requires it to be non-whitespace printable ASCII. Registries that need non-ASCII data should base64 encode it.

> Both fields can be set with `cargo login --registry=name --private-key --private-key-subject="subject"` witch will prompt you to put in the key value.

Reviewer 6: *which
